This is not our website, our website is sites.google.com/view/utshocorporation , and we have copy pasted everything shown rioght on our website.

Here we start our GitHub writings:-

Welcome to UTSHO Corporation
We welcome you to our official website!

Thanks for visiting our website! We are happy to give all our best services to you. But please note that it's only for Manipuri from India and Bangladesh.
We bring a personal and effective approach to every project we work on, which is why our clients love us and why they keep coming back.


About us - 

Official Website here - Please never open any other websites - Or it will hack you auto-matically maybe.

UTSHO Corporation is an Imphal based web design and development firm. Since its inception in the year 2020, with its experience and creativity UTSHO Corporation has matured as a force to reckon amongst the best web designer in Imphal, India. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


We offer a great service in the design, development, programming and marketing of your website. We are constantly investigating new technologies and recommend them when they make sense. We love what we do, some might say a bit too much, and we bring enthusiasm and commitment to every project we work on. Put simply, if you want a partner who cares about your business choose United Technology Structure and Helping Organization [UTSHO corporation]

TIME - 

We understand that time is really important for both of us. That’s why we are always committed to deliver our project on time. We have such a special development system that improve our productivity. 

Quality - 

By using the latest technology of web standards, We always give the best quality to You. We have really great teams that always create unique design with a great and friendly user experience. 

We won’t disappoint you for any reason. Everything related to project will be discussed and we really care of it. Starts from the beginning of our project, one of our team will always be with you. 
Services we give out   : -
Graphic Design

We translate your ideas into visually stunning designs. We use the latest in cutting edge graphical editing programs, photography and multimedia platforms to deliver the best. Our goal is to give you the best quality work based on the idea you want to convey to your customers. 
E-Commerce

Want to start your own Online Business? We can help you go LIVE with your own Ecommerce store very fast with our expertise of building online stores and integrating them with payment gateways. We are specializing in high end design for Magento, Opencart & Virtuemart. 
Internet Marketing

What good is a website that no one can find? We offer everything from an Search Engine Optimizatio [UTSHO Corporation] Analysis to a one time SEO overhaul, to monthly SEO optimization. The service we offer always changes depending on how aggressive a client wants to be in their approach to dominating the web. 
Website Design and Development Systems

We provide custom website design & development, whenever you need a personal website, corporate website, product catalog or online store we here to help. Our team consist of creative web designer and PHP programmer that can assure to give you a correct solutions. 

Hey, want to contact us now? email us at support@utshocorporation.org or if the Domain's Workspace is not getting sent, then please send the main to utshocorporationofficial@gmail.com

or cell 01776784503

Want to know our business address? Just search UTSHO Corporation on GOOGLE Maps now, and visit us now! But remember, 

only Manipuri allowed for our business, not any religions. But only from India and Bangladesh.
Have a Project in Mind? Okay, lets get Started - 
Tell us about your requirements and we will get back to you as fast as humanly possible -      
                 
            Get in Touch now so that you can tell us about the requirements 

Please note that we never make our websites look best as you can't see it. You can see our web is not designed, developed, but you want to see we did our clients' web design here, just click on the link below:-

Soma Laishram

WordPress Online


And another Important news about when you pressed Wordpress, you got an Online Store, but we are not available for Online Store by now as the Government rules us by that.
Some more info.s-

We also provide some font designs, want some testy Test? Here are some fonts

we will use it for applying it to some websites that can't be developed for needs some more develops that are miss to use it for their own design that matches our clients'

website Subject. As an example, this is an Technology web, we will do it as it's matching.

And here's what we were talking about some fonts:-


Normally- Hey, Whats's up?


We can provid- Hey, what's up? 

and yes, we can provide more, lot's of bilions of fonts.

It was just an trying test for our clients here, right here on out website right here that we can see, hah.

We also provide free Google Analytics for our website, too!

More info. about this project :-


For Small businesses:-
Your data is powerful. Use it.
Unlock the power of your data with interactive dashboards and engaging reports that inspire smarter business decisions. It’s easy and free.
How data dashboarding can help.


Unite your data in one place.

 Easily connect your data from spreadsheets, Analytics, Google Ads, Google BigQuery and more.


Explore the data.

 Transform your raw data into the metrics and dimensions needed to create easy-to-understand reports and dashboards — no code or queries required.


Tell impactful stories.

 Create and share engaging reports and data visualizations that tell the story for you.


Empower your teams.

Arm people with the knowledge of your key metrics by sharing automated data dashboards that update regularly, so they can focus more on what matters.
Thanks to Google Data Studio, we can now communicate and act on the customized data. Developers, execs, and global team members from multiple departments can compare, filter and organize the exact data they need on the fly, in one report. No more waiting for several, static reports to fill their inbox on Monday morning.

Kady Wood, Director of Global Web Infrastructure, Genesys
Dive into the details.

See how you can bring your data to life with features like pre-built data connectors, calculated metrics, engaging data visualization, and our Explorer — a dedicated space to explore your data in greater detail.
Designed to work together.

Data Studio works seamlessly with other solutions, allowing you to access data from one product while working in another — saving time and increasing efficiency.


Analytics

 Add Analytics data to your dashboard to measure and analyze the performance of your websites and mobile apps.


Ads

 Add Google Ads data to your dashboard to measure and analyze the performance of your digital marketing.


    Google BigQuery

     Add BigQuery data to your dashboard to analyze data from your big data warehouse or to visualize your key business metrics.

Google Data Studio makes reporting a breeze for Genesys

Genesys used Data Studio to provide its global teams with self-service, customizable data dashboards. This more intuitive system replaced manual processes, saved time, and made data more actionable.


For Enterprises [LARGE LLC or Corporations and others:-
Meaningful insights.
Smarter marketing.
Better results.
Google Marketing Platform brings together your advertising and analytics to help you make quality customer connections, surface deeper insights, and drive better marketing results.


A smarter platform for better results.


Deliver faster, smarter marketing.

 Built-in intelligence automatically surfaces your most valuable marketing insights so you can act quickly to achieve your goals.


Gain more control over your investments.

 Easily see what parts of your marketing are working and make informed decisions to improve performance — ensuring that you’re delivering quality experiences.


Understand your audience on a deeper level.

 Easily integrate and access your data to gain a deeper understanding of your customers and identify your most valuable audiences.


    Share insights across your team.

     Make information and insights accessible to your entire enterprise so teams can work better together.

The results are incredible, it actually helped us transform our whole vision. We want to be a global brand. Google Marketing Platform facilitates that growth.

Martijin van der Zee, Digital Director, Rituals
Powerful solutions, together in one platform.

Display & Video 360

Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.


ANALYTICS 360 by GOOGLE LLC:-


Turn insights into action.
Google Analytics 360 gives your business the tools you need to better understand your customers. You can then use those insights to take action, such as improving your website, creating tailored audience lists, and more.


How analytics tools can help.


Understand your customers.

 Understand how your site and app users are engaging with your content so you know what’s working and what’s not.


Unlock new insights.

 Access Google’s machine learning capabilities to help surface new insights.


Connect insights to results.

 Use insights from your analytics to drive real impact with connections to Google’s advertising and publisher products.


    Make your data work for you.

     Analyze data quickly and encourage collaboration with an easy-to-use interface and shareable reports. You can also use the built-in connection to Google Cloud to access powerful tools for identifying insights.


Google Analytics 360 has given us more transparency into our data. We’re now connecting information about our digital touch points and sharing these customer insights across our entire company.

Martijn van der Zee, Digital Director, Rituals Cosmetics
The power of 360.

Access premium capabilities such as advanced analysis, unsampled reports, Google BigQuery export, data-driven attribution, and more to get the most from your analytics.


Designed to work together.

Connect with other Google and partner solutions while working in Analytics 360 — for a seamless workflow that saves you time and increases efficiency.


Google Ads

 See your ads and website performance data together in the Google Ads reports in Analytics 360. You can also import your Analytics goals, e-commerce transactions and metrics into your Google Ads account.


Display & Video 360

 Connect Analytics 360 with Display & Video 360 so that you can reach the specific audiences you care about with greater precision. You can also view the performance of your Display & Video 360 campaigns in Analytics 360 to better understand results.


    Salesforce

     Connect Analytics 360 with Salesforce to get the full view of what’s working and what isn’t as customers engage with your ads, websites, sales teams and more.


Find an analytics solution that fits.

Analytics offers small business and enterprise solutions to help you see what’s working and fix what’s not.








    Analytics 360

     Use advanced business analytics tools to get a deeper understanding of your customers so you can deliver better experiences.


Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.

New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.


OPTIMIXE 360:-


Test, adapt, personalize.
Test different variations of your website and then tailor it to deliver a personalized experience that works for each customer and for your business.


How AB testing can help.


Let your data guide you.

 Optimize 360 is natively integrated with Analytics 360, so you can use Analytics 360 reporting to quickly understand where to improve your site, and Optimize 360 to test your changes.


Test what works best on your website.

 Easily run website tests — including A/B, multivariate, and redirect tests — on your content to learn what works best.


Deliver a personalized experience.

 One size never fits all. Customize your website experience to suit each type of audience.


Take matters into your own hands.

 Make changes to your site easily and quickly, driving better results in minutes.


    Gain more customers.

     Create custom landing pages for your Google Ads campaigns and convert more visitors into customers.


Optimize 360 gave us new possibilities and opportunities. We’ve improved how we localize and personalize our site, and we’re tapping into new audiences that we wouldn’t have reached before.

Joost de Schepper, Head of Conversion Optimization, Spotify
The power of 360

Improve the performance of your website with features like additional site testing capabilities and Google Analytics audience integration.


Designed to work together.

Optimize 360 works seamlessly with other solutions, allowing you to use insights from across products to deliver the right experience to the right customer.


Analytics

 Use your Analytics data to identify where your site needs improvement, measure experiments against business goals, and see exactly how your changes influence customer behavior.


Google Ads

 Improve the value of your Google Ads investment. Create and test custom landing pages for your campaigns, ad groups, or keywords.


    Google Cloud

     Export your data to BigQuery, Google Cloud’s enterprise data warehouse, and conduct advanced, large-scale data analysis to generate deeper insights.


Find a website testing and personalization solution that fits.

Optimize offers small business and enterprise solutions to help you test and deliver the best digital experiences to your customers.



Optimize




    Optimize 360

     Test variations of your sites and apps with advanced tools for enterprise marketers.


How to build a culture of growth.

This guide for executives, directors, and managers shows how marketing optimization can transform your company and drive growth by focusing on customer experience.



GOOGLE LLC's Search Campaign and ADS:-


You will get in Google Search Engines all over the world really fast


because we also provide Google ADS, plus you will also get 16 ADS for free and you



will make money from that, too, as we make money from Donations, you will also be able to make Googlde Ads, YouTube Ads, Play Store Ads and more.


Also plus, if you want, you will get on Google Maps, too! As we got on Google maps and Search page by Google! Or if you are an Celibrity, you will get an free Wikipedia Page and Google Knowledge Panel's Posting Tool with PLUS+ Google Claiming for your Kwonlege Panel!



So now, thinking about what? You have all the tools, too! No matter your website viewers Internet Connections slow or fast, who clicks your websites' link or website from their Brower's Search Engine Console, we will recieve your clients' all Browser' Info, Internet type, which Virtual Private Network are in, how many viewers, how many clickes from an Browers or Links, and many information will be collected from us and will report it to you with our WhatsApp Business Account, so join us now!

                  Thanks for visiting our Official Website, our website will be updated soonly.
Credits here :-

Website Publisher - Thingu Singha Utsho


Website Editor - VIR Vhadra Yumnam


Company Name from the Owner - United Technology Structure and Helping Organization


Web-Hosings - The Google Paid Domains USA Limited


Domain Name Service [DNS] or Domain Name Provider - Google Paid Domains LTD


Powered by WikiPedia by Creative Commons, Mitrang Technology White Hat Jr. , Nepolean Leitongbam and [WILL BE UPDATED SOON]


Web Designed by our Special Business Partnars Mitrang Technologies, by UTSHO Corporation.



Your Web will be Credited with this Details :- 

Website Publisher - [Your Name]


Website Editor - [Your Name]


Website Domains and Hosting will be provided by our Domain Registrar from us - Google LLC Paid Domains


Web-Design - Thingu Singha Utsho, VIR Bhadra Yumnam, UTSHO Corporation, Mitrang Technology, Nepolean Leitongbam and Soma Laishram


Web-Development beside your subject - Mitrang Technology and Nepolean Leitongbam


Live Chat will be provided if not already - Trusted Sites


Meeting Schedule will be provided if not already - Googe Meets,

Google Duo and Zoom


Unlimited Pages, Sub-Page and Menus - UTSHO Corporation


Search Engine Optimization [SEO] - UTSHO Corporation, Nepolean Leitongbam


More Information will be added after we upgrade our own Site!


Till then, Stay Tuned by following us now on Social Media Platforms provided down -


                              2020 - 2021   -----   UTSHO Corporation

                                                                      ALL RIGHTS RESERVED


THANKS for VISITING
COPYRIGHTS

UTSHO Corporation
